Add changelog for Sensu Enterprise 3.4 (#1266)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-enterprise/3.4/changelog.md

- [Enterprise 1.14.0 Release Notes](#enterprise-v1-14-0)
- [Enterprise 1.13.0 Release Notes](#enterprise-v1-13-0)

## Enterprise 3.4.0 Release Notes {#enterprise-v3-4-0}

> **March 4, 2019** &mdash; Sensu Enterprise version 3.4.0 has been

Author: ```suggestion
**March 6, 2019** &mdash; Sensu Enterprise version 3.4.0 has been
```

released and is available for immediate download. Please note the
following improvements:

### CHANGES {#enterprise-v3-4-0-changes}

> - **IMPROVEMENT**: The event stream integration now uses a data buffer with a configurable limit, making Sensu Enterprise more resilient to crashes due to loss of connection. See the [event stream docs][67] to configure the `ring_buffer_size` attribute.

Author: ```suggestion
- **IMPROVEMENT**: The event stream integration now uses a data buffer with a configurable limit to protect Sensu Enterprise from reaching an out-of-memory state. See the [event stream docs][67] to configure the `ring_buffer_size` attribute.
```
